the film starts with a girl named max
who was sitting in her car
she was the daughter of an actress her
mother worked in a horror movie and she
acted so well
that the movie seems to be very real
then we see that max's mother
comes and sits in the car there was very
good bonding among them
they start singing together and starts
to drive the car
they were enjoying the ride meanwhile
their car collapses with another car
then their car gets into an accident
badly max's mother dies because of that
accident
then we see that three years had been
passed max was come out from that phase
she was sitting in the cafe with her
friends a female and a male friend named
chris were talking to each other
meanwhile the brother of her female
friend comes there and shows them some
books
there was a poster in them in which
there was something about the horror
movie
the name of that movie was blood path he
tells that it was an old and horror
movie
it is planning that it will again be
shown in the cinemas
he says that we also like to watch
horror movies so why don't we go to
watch this movie
because i've heard about that movie is
so good we know that
it is the same movie in which max's
mother had acted
at first max refuses that what will we
do to see the movie
but in the end they all make her agree
then they go to watch the movie and
there were five people in the group
max chris her female friend her brother
and an old friend
of max now we see that the movie starts
and the cinema hall was full of peoples
it means everyone was excited to see
that movie then the movie starts and
they all were busy watching the movie
they were enjoying that movie meanwhile
a man who was drinking alcohol
his bottle falls down alcohol comes out
when the bottle rolls down
and that alcohol spreads entirely on the
floor
with it it also spreads to a curtain
because everyone was busy in the movie
so nobody notices it
a man was smoking there when his
cigarette falls on that place
that place sets on fire while seeing the
whole cinema hall sets on fire
max gets worried but then she sees a big
knife
she couldn't see any way of going
outside so
she cuts the screen of the projector
with that knife on which the movie was
going on
and goes inside it to save herself and
her friend's life
but after going inside the screen they
all get faint
when they wake up they find themselves
in a forest there were many trees around
them
they could not understand that where
they are they move here and there
meanwhile a car comes there in which
there were a female and a male sitting
they get surprised to see that these are
the characters of the blood path movie
they weren't believing their eyes but it
happens with them two times more
that car comes there with the same
characters two times more
they understand that they are in old age
they are stuck here
maybe they are stuck in the movie till
its duration they accept this reality
and think that what should we do now
they go and sit in the car of those
characters when max turns back and see
her mother was also sitting in that car
seeing it
her eyes become full of tears because
she loves her mother very much and after
her death
she was seeing her now like this then
the characters of the movie come into a
house
because they were planning a party they
also invite max while saying her to come
to our party with her friends
here the good thing is that they all had
seen that movie before
they know its story they know that what
will happen next
that's why the whole story becomes easy
for them they also know that there is a
killer in this movie who kills peoples
the people who were together or the
people gathered at a party
he kills people at a gathering place
they move forward in the forest
then they see a couple who were together
meanwhile that killer also arrives there
and he kills them
they think that it can be fake because
it's a movie
they were easy that the killer will not
harm us because we were not in the
script
the brother of max's female friend was
also chill about it
but as he moves forward that killer
kills him with a big knife
and their assumption was removed that
the killer could not kill them
now only four people were left means
chris
max and her two female friends they
return towards that house while running
max makes her female friend understand
that we will not lost each other and we
will not gather at a place
they all go separately and goes to each
character of the movie
then we see that a lady comes there in a
black dress
that was the lady who was saved in the
blood path movie in the end
means she was the only survivor of that
movie they all start talking about that
killer and then we see that max and her
other friends are gone in the past
they were shown a scene of the past in
that scene they were shown the childhood
memories of that killer
some students of school came to a summer
camp and other kids were abusing that
killer kid
the name of the kid was billy and he
hides at a small place to save him from
their abuse
but those kids throw fireworks there due
to which
he becomes injured and his face was
ruined completely
then he makes a face mask for himself to
hide his old face
then he goes out to take revenge after
taking a big knife he goes to kill
everyone
when he kill everyone some blood drops
fall on the face of max's female friend
with it their past vision finishes here
they come to the movie scene
but the blood drops were still there on
max's female friend
after seeing those blood drops they get
scared that from where the blood comes
on her face
they start running the two characters we
saw at the start of the movie
moves from there with their car but
suddenly that boy falls out of the car
he bends badly and he dies at the moment
their car also blasts
now that lady which came in a black
dress and was only the survivor of this
movie also dies in this accident
this means the happenings are not
included in the real story of that movie
this means if max and her friends have
seen this movie also it is useless
because the movie wasn't according to
the story max tells the characters that
we are here from the future
what is the truth in it how we come into
this movie
then they understand them because it was
seeing from their dressing that they
come from the future
they think that what to do now then
chris makes them understand something on
a board
he draws something on the board and
after it he explains his plan to others
he says that we will put traps in the
house everywhere and we will play party
music
unwillingly so that killer will think
that we are gathered at a place
as he comes here he will be stuck in the
trap we will catch him and then he will
die
this is the only way to go out of this
movie then they get busy putting traps
in the house
during this max goes to her mother who
was young now
she wasn't married at this time she
tells her everything that i am your
daughter
she says that if this killer will die i
will take you with me
then we see that there were traps in the
house everywhere
now the party music was played one of
the characters of the movie
a girl was said to do the dance so that
the killer will come here after
listening to the voice and it happens
the same
as the music played that killer moves
toward them
seeing it that character who was dancing
gets so scared and her foot gets stuck
in that trap
due to it she falls down her face was
stuck in an iron trap
due to which she dies there then they
shut the door and there was a sword
behind the door
they have tied a big wood there to make
a trap it was tied with the ropes
they go upward and cut that rope due to
it a big piece of wood falls down
and bill hits with that sword that sword
stabs in that killer's body
they were happy that they succeed they
have killed the killer
but it wasn't like that he becomes alive
and kills one more character in the
movie
max and chris get one more idea they
take some arrows and set them on fire
they shoot those arrows on that killer
after it they all go upward
they also have set traps on the way in a
bucket which is full of petrol
it will happen like this that when that
petrol will be thrown on that killer he
will catch fire
but the rope to which bucket was tied
gets stuck due to it
the petrol couldn't fall on the killer
he comes to them
there were both female friends of max
they somehow try again
to throw petrol on him this time they
become successful
but due to the fire in the whole room
they themselves burn
now only max chris and max's mother were
left in the movie
then we see that killer becoming alive
again the fire doesn't harm him
he lifts up and follows them they begin
to run in the forest
that killer attacks chris and makes him
injured after it
he takes max's mother with him from
there max takes chris to a church while
lifting him up
she asks him to stay there and take care
of himself because you are injured
i will come with my mother she picks a
sharp-edged tool from there and chases
that killer
to find him max goes to the forest she
sees that her mother is imprisoned
in a house she releases her mother but
that killer also arrives there and beats
her a lot
max's mother somehow kills that killer
then she comes into the church while
taking max with her
max's mother wants to sacrifice for max
that's why she comes in front of that
killer
she wanted to save max's life at the end
of this movie
because she is a pretty and a pure girl
and also she wants to kill the killer
forever
then we see the scene of the church
where chris's much blood was wasted and
he dies
on the other side the killer kills max's
mother
then max goes to kill the killer she
hits him with a sword
she separates his head from his body
with it this blood path movie ends
luckily all her friends of max become
alive
they come out from the movie but they
get faint when they come to their senses
they were all in the hospital they see
their bodies
there were wounds on their body which
were given in that movie
this means that this wasn't their dream
or any fiction
but it was the reality it happens in the
real life with them
they have the same wounds due to which
they died in the movie
and here with a mystery this movie also
ends here